Improvements to testing tooling (#7162)
PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding: CONTRIBUTING.md

Docker alternative:

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/get-started)
2. Run `docker-compose up` from the command line

### Debugging tests
When running tests with a docker container it is possible to use emmylua for debugging. Paste in the following right under `function launch:OnInit()` in `./src/Launch.lua`:
```lua

> package.cpath = package.cpath .. ";/usr/local/bin/?.so"

Reviewer: As far as I understand the FHS, you need to put that EmmyLua library in `/usr/local/lib/` instead. `/usr/local/bin/` is for executable (binary) files, while `emmy_core.so` is a shared object (a library). See https://refspecs.linuxfoundation.org/FHS_3.0/fhs/ch04s09.html#purpose24

Author: That's true. According to FHS emmy_core.so should go into /usr/local/lib/ but for some reason it's setup to go into bin in EmmyLua's cmake install target: https://github.com/EmmyLua/EmmyLuaDebugger/blob/2b2485d2a4bf6fce80aa05d7f93cf1bfad58a1e8/emmy_core/CMakeLists.txt#L27-L31

I didn't dig into why it was that way. Calling make install puts it there:
https://github.com/PathOfBuildingCommunity/PathOfBuilding/blob/8394e2f824f6f7fdea032852d03278605c89bceb/Dockerfile#L33

local dbg = require("emmy_core")

> -- This port must match the Visual Studio Code configuration. Default is 9966.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-- This port must match the IDE configuration. Default is 9966.
```
